Twilight brother
When will you retire from your marriage with Lu Xinhuan and marry me?
Is this bracelet yours?
You know it yourself
Twilight brother
Film launch
I heard about the movie launch tomorrow night
There will be the legendary lady Lak present
It just so happens that the country is about to enter the film industry
If I can connect this line
Then the country is not a matter that is easy to grasp
Why are you in a hurry to find me?
Okay, here's the invitation to the awards ceremony.
The organizers would like to invite you to personally present to the newcomer
First Road Lucky Awards
The vest is almost off
I don't mind giving my fourth brother another surprise
Did you hear?
They are here today.
The police have invited international superstar Ms. Lark
If you can get Ms. Lark's attention
You became an international superstar overnight.
Yes!
Ms. Lark has been mysterious all these years
I really want to see what he looks like
Lady lucky is lady lucky
The veil on her face
I saw it on the news.
It's really beautiful. Yeah.
Sent to you is
The lounge is ready
Come with me, please.